spec/database.md, before:

# The Database

The database has five entity tables:

- Users
- Posts
- Tags
- Pages
- Attachments

And one join table:

- PostHasTag

## Users

    create table users (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      username varchar(255) unique not null,
      name varchar(255),
      email varchar(255) not null,
      biography text
    )

## Posts

    create table posts (
      id integer primay key autoincrement,
      title varchar(255) not null,
      published boolean not null,
      timestamp datetime not null,
      contents varchar(255) not null,
      author_id integer not null,
      foreign key(author_id) references users(id)
    )

## Tags

    create table tags (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      name varchar(255) not null
    )

## Pages

    create table pages (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      title varchar(255) not null,
      published boolean not null,
      contents varchar(255) not null
    )

## Attachments

    create table attachments (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      name varchar(255) unique not null,
      file varchar(255) unique not null
    )

## PostHasTag

    create table postHasTag (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      post_id integer not null,
      tag_id integer not null,
      foreign key(post_id) references posts(id),
      foreign key(tag_id) references tags(id)
    )

Commit message:

update db spec to show there is an sql dump

spec/database.md, after:

# The Database

You can find an sql dump of my working database in the `./database` directory.

The database has five entity tables:

- Users
- Posts
- Tags
- Pages
- Attachments

And one join table:

- PostHasTag

## Users

    create table users (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      username varchar(255) unique not null,
      name varchar(255),
      email varchar(255) not null,
      biography text
    )

## Posts

    create table posts (
      id integer primay key autoincrement,
      title varchar(255) not null,
      published boolean not null,
      timestamp datetime not null,
      contents varchar(255) not null,
      author_id integer not null,
      foreign key(author_id) references users(id)
    )

## Tags

    create table tags (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      name varchar(255) not null
    )

## Pages

    create table pages (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      title varchar(255) not null,
      published boolean not null,
      contents varchar(255) not null
    )

## Attachments

    create table attachments (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      name varchar(255) unique not null,
      file varchar(255) unique not null
    )

## PostHasTag

    create table postHasTag (
      id integer primary key autoincrement,
      post_id integer not null,
      tag_id integer not null,
      foreign key(post_id) references posts(id),
      foreign key(tag_id) references tags(id)
    )
